# CS230-Op-Platforms

The Gaming Room sought me out to develop a web-based game called Draw It or Lose It, in which teams will compete to guess a theme based on a slowly rendered version of a stock image they are shown. The games will have 4 rounds of play lasting one minute each. The game can be played with a single team but not a single player. The game and team names must be unique and only one instance of the game can be played on the device at a time. This game needed to be playable on multiple platforms and allow online play.
I believe I did a good job in listing design constraints in my documentation. Generally, in working through the documentation, I found it helpful to have my guidelines open simultaneously so that I could ensure I answered every question thouroughly. If I were to revise one element, it would be the table of information on the different OSes. I would add more detail on the discussion of development tools and describe things such as costs.
I knew from the beginning that this game would rely on a client-server relationship in order to host instances on multiple types of platforms. As such, this was a guiding element in designing the code. From there, I centered information I knew about the game (such as only one instance of a game existing at the same time) to use specific design patterns, such as the singleton pattern, that fit the client's needs. Centering the client's needs is integral when designing to ensure that the program you make will actually be useful to them. This will also reduce the amount of reworking of the code as the application comes together.
I tried to keep relevant design patterns in mind as I developed, so that I followed tried and true design methods. This allowed me to stay on track in my development of the application.
